DatadogAgent v1alpha1 deprecation warning (#22010)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/guide/datadogoperator_migration.md

## Migrating to version 1.0 of the Datadog Operator

> <div class="alert alert-warning">
> The <code>v1alpha1</code> DatadogAgent reconciliation in the Operator is deprecated since v1.2.0+ and will be removed in v1.7.0. Once removed, the Datadog Operator cannot be configured to reconcile the <code>v1alpha1</code> DatadogAgent CRD. However, you will still be able to apply a <code>v1alpha1</code> manifest with the conversion webhook enabled (using <code>datadogCRDs.migration.datadogAgents.conversionWebhook.enabled</code>).
> 
> DatadogAgent <code>v1alpha1</code> and the conversion webhook will be removed in v1.8.0. You will not be able to migrate thereafter unless you use earlier version of the Operator.
> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">
The <code>v1alpha1</code> <code>DatadogAgent</code> reconciliation in the Operator is deprecated since v1.2.0+ and will be removed in v1.7.0. After it's removed, you will not be able to configure the Datadog Operator to reconcile the <code>v1alpha1</code> <code>DatadogAgent</code> CRD. However, you will still be able to apply a <code>v1alpha1</code> manifest with the conversion webhook enabled using <code>datadogCRDs.migration.datadogAgents.conversionWebhook.enabled</code>.
</div>

<div class="alert alert-warning">
<code>DatadogAgent</code> <code>v1alpha1</code> and the conversion webhook will be removed in v1.8.0. After it's removed, you will not be able to migrate unless you use earlier version of the Operator.
</div>
```
